README.md, before:

# Password Generator

## Description
A web application that will make a randomized password between 8-128 characters with specifications that the user decides (uppercase, lowercase, numbers, and special characters).

[Password Generator](https://uwlryoung.github.io/password-generator/)

### Screenshots and Steps
Step 1: Click "Generate Password"

![Password Generator](/Assets/pass-generator.png)

Step 2: Type a number between 8 - 128, this will be the password length

![Password Generator](/Assets/pass-length.png)

Step 3: Choose password validation criteria. Clicking "OK" will include those types of characters in the password. "Cancel" will exclude those characters from the passsword. 

![Password Generator](/Assets/uppercase.png)
![Password Generator](/Assets/lowercase.png)
![Password Generator](/Assets/numbers.png)
![Password Generator](/Assets/special.png)

Step 4: The password is generated. (55 characters in example). Copy and paste. 

![Password Generator](/Assets/password.png)


## Usage
Use to generate a password. See screenshots and steps above. 

## Credits
N/A

### Useful Links
[While Loop](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/while) - While Loops came up when trying to search how to ask for users to redo the password length prompt 

## Challenges To Work On / Future Updates to this Page
- Be able to have the text automatically copied just by clicking on it. 


## License
N/A

Commit message:

Generator now will not accept anything but numbers. Updated Readme

README.md, after:

# Password Generator

## Description
A web application that will make a randomized password between 8-128 characters with specifications that the user decides (uppercase, lowercase, numbers, and special characters).

[Password Generator](https://uwlryoung.github.io/password-generator/)

### Screenshots and Steps
Step 1: Click "Generate Password"

![Password Generator](/Assets/pass-generator.png)

Step 2: Type a number between 8 - 128, this will be the password length

![Password Generator](/Assets/pass-length.png)

Step 3: Choose password validation criteria. Clicking "OK" will include those types of characters in the password. "Cancel" will exclude those characters from the passsword. 

![Password Generator](/Assets/uppercase.png)
![Password Generator](/Assets/lowercase.png)
![Password Generator](/Assets/numbers.png)
![Password Generator](/Assets/special.png)

Step 4: The password is generated. (55 characters in example). Copy and paste. 

![Password Generator](/Assets/password.png)


## Usage
Use to generate a password. See screenshots and steps above. 

## Credits
N/A

### Useful Links
[While Loop](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/while) - While Loops came up when trying to search how to ask for users to redo the password length prompt 

[isNaN Function (is not a number)](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/isNaN) - Using the isNaN() function was instrumental in making sure users can't enter in anything but a number. 

## Challenges To Work On / Future Updates to this Page
- Be able to have the text automatically copied just by clicking on it. 


## License
N/A
